Improve Tokens & NFT 2.0 Standard Section (#287)
lukso-network/docs: docs/standards/nft-2.0/LSP8-Identifiable-Digital-Asset.md

## What does this Standard represent?

### Specification

**[LSP8-IdentifiableDigitalAsset](#)** is a standard that aims to describe _non-fungible_ assets. The term _Non-fungible_ means that each asset is **unique and different**. They are distinguishable from each other and therefore **not interchangeable**.

This standard was based on **[ERC721](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-20)** and **[ERC1155](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-777)** with additional features mentioned below:

### Bytes32 TokenId

The current NFT standards such as **[ERC721](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-721)** and **[ERC1155](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1155)** **lack asset representation** as they define the tokenIds **as Numbers** `(uint256)`. Each token from the NFT collection will be defined and queried based on this tokenId, which is normally incremental.

![ERC721 TokenIds Representation](/img/standards/erc721-tokenIds.jpeg)

**[LSP8-IdentifiableDigitalAsset](#)** define the tokenIds as **bytes32**. The choice of **bytes32 tokenIds** allows a wide variety of applications including numbers, contract addresses, and hashed values (ie. serial numbers). 

> The **bytes32 tokenId** can be interpreted as a <u>**Number**</u>: 

Reviewer: How about doing 3 bullet points, and all the figures below? (to avoid sentence repetition _"the bytes32 tokenId can be interpreted as ..."_

![LSP8 Number TokenIds Representation](/img/standards/lsp8-tokenId-number.jpeg)

The **bytes32 tokenId** can be interpreted as a <u>**Hashed Value**</u>: 

![LSP8 Hashed Value TokenIds Representation](/img/standards/lsp8-tokenId-hashed.jpeg)

The **bytes32 tokenId** can be interpreted as a <u>**Contract Address**</u>: 

![LSP8 Address TokenIds Representation](/img/standards/lsp8-tokenId-address.jpeg)

> TokenIds represented as **contract address** will allow the creation of more  **complex NFTs**, such as **Nested NFTs**, where each tokenId could be a contract that has its own storage using **[ERC725Y](../lsp-background//erc725.md#erc725y---generic-data-keyvalue-store)**, and the tokenId can **evolve** by changing metadata depending on **game rules**.  

Reviewer: I am not sure I understand the term _Nested NFTs_.

I removed it in my suggestion, but feel free to keep it or re-word it if it makes sense :)

```suggestion
TokenIds represented as **smart contract address** allow the creation of more  **complex NFTs**. When each tokenId is a contract that with its own **[ERC725Y](../lsp-background//erc725.md#erc725y---generic-data-keyvalue-store)** storage. For instance in a video game, by changing the features and metadata of the NFT based on the **game rules**.  
```

To mark the **asset authenticity**, it's advised to use a combination between **[LSP4-DigitalAssetMetadata](./LSP4-Digital-Asset-Metadata.md)** and **[LSP12-IssuedAssets](../universal-profile/lsp12-issued-assets.md)**.

:::

The current token standards don't enable attaching metadata to the contract in a generic and flexible way, they set the **name**, **symbol**, and **tokenURI**. This is limiting for a digital asset that may want to list the creators, the community behind it, and to have the ability to update the metadata of the token and the tokenIds over time depending on a certain logic (Evolving tokens).  

To ensure a flexible and generic asset representation, the token contract should use the **[LSP4-DigitalAsset-Metadata](./LSP4-Digital-Asset-Metadata.md)**. In this way, any information could be attached to the token contract.

:::note Notice

The Metadata defined by the **ERC725Y Data Keys** can be set for **each tokenId**, not just for the whole NFT collection. Check **[LSP8 ERC725Y Data Keys](https://github.com/lukso-network/LIPs/blob/main/LSPs/LSP-8-IdentifiableDigitalAsset.md#erc725y-data-keys)** in the LSP8 Standard Document.

:::

### Force Boolean

> It is expected in the LUKSO's ecosystem to use **smart contract based accounts** to operate on the blockchain, which includes receiving and sending tokens. EOAs can receive tokens but they will be mainly used to control these accounts and not to hold tokens.

Reviewer: Maybe we can add a link to LSP0 docs page for **smart contract-based accounts**?

```suggestion
It is expected in the LUKSO's ecosystem to use **smart contract-based accounts** to operate on the blockchain, which includes receiving and sending tokens. EOAs can receive tokens, but they will be used mainly to control these accounts and not to hold them.
```

## Introduction

> Non-Fungible assets represented mainly by **[ERC721](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-721)** and **[ERC1155](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1155)** have a lot of limitations in terms of metadata, secure transfers, asset representation, and asset interaction. This is causing major problems for users seeking, **full control** over which assets they accept or not, **more complex NFTs**, and a **simple user experience** while creating, buying, and exchanging assets.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Non-Fungible assets represented mainly by **[ERC721](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-721)** and **[ERC1155](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-1155)** have a lot of limitations in terms of metadata, secure transfers, asset representation, and asset interaction. This causes problems for users seeking, **full control** over which assets they accept or not, **more complex NFT functionality**, and a **simple user experience** while creating, buying, and exchanging assets.
```

**[LSP8-IdentifiableDigitalAsset](#)** is the standard that aims to solve all problems mentioned above by allowing, more secure transfers via **force bool**, more asset metadata **via [LSP4-DigitalAssetMetadata](./LSP4-Digital-Asset-Metadata.md)**, more asset representation **via bytes32 tokenIds**, and more interaction between the asset contract and the asset *sender/recipient* **via token hooks**.

![LSP8IdentifiableDigitalAsset features Introduction](/img/standards/lsp8-intro.jpeg)

## What does this Standard represent ?

### Specification

**[LSP8-IdentifiableDigitalAsset](#)** is a standard that aims to describe _non-fungible_ assets. The term _Non-fungible_ means that each asset is **unique and different**. They are distinguishable from each other and therefore **not interchangeable**.

> This standard was based on **[ERC721](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-20)** and **[ERC1155](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-777)**. It got enhanced by **unifying function names**, adding more functions (**batch transfers**), and lots of **new features** mentioned below.

Reviewer 2: Im not sure what 'unifying function names' is? 

We can say what the new features are? e.g '...and other new features such as x, y and z discussed further below.'

We don't really need these docs to be pitch for why the LSP standards are good, just a factual description of what the benefits are and what they allow us to do with examples

The **bytes32 tokenId** can be interpreted as a <u>**Number**</u>: 

![LSP8 Number TokenIds Representation](/img/standards/lsp8-tokenId-number.jpeg)

The **bytes32 tokenId** can be interpreted as a <u>**Hashed Value**</u>: 

![LSP8 Hashed Value TokenIds Representation](/img/standards/lsp8-tokenId-hashed.jpeg)

The **bytes32 tokenId** can be interpreted as a <u>**Contract Address**</u>: 

![LSP8 Address TokenIds Representation](/img/standards/lsp8-tokenId-address.jpeg)

TokenIds represented as **contract address** will allow the creation of more  **complex NFTs**, such as **Nested NFTs**, where each tokenId could be a contract that has its own storage using **[ERC725Y](../lsp-background//erc725.md#erc725y---generic-data-keyvalue-store)**, and the tokenId can **evolve** by changing metadata depending on **game rules**.  

![LSP8 Game Nested NFTs TokenIds Representation](/img/standards/lsp8-game.jpeg)
### Unlimited Metadata

:::success Recommendation

To mark the **asset authenticity**, it's advised to use a combination between **[LSP4-DigitalAssetMetadata](./LSP4-Digital-Asset-Metadata.md)** and **[LSP12-IssuedAssets](../universal-profile/lsp12-issued-assets.md)**.

:::

> The current token standards don't enable attaching metadata to the contract in a generic and flexible way, they set the **name**, **symbol**, and **tokenURI**. This is limiting for a digital asset that may want to express the creators, the community behind it, and to have the ability to update the metadata of the token and the tokenIds over time depending on a certain logic (Evolving tokens).  

Author: Will do another PR to mention the hash reference solution for the metadata :)

To ensure a flexible and generic asset representation, the token contract should use the **[LSP4-DigitalAsset-Metadata](./LSP4-Digital-Asset-Metadata.md)**. In this way, any information could be attached to the token contract.

:::note Notice

The Metadata defined by the **ERC725Y Data Keys** can be set for **each tokenId**, not just for the whole NFT collection. Check **[LSP8 ERC725Y Data Keys](https://github.com/lukso-network/LIPs/blob/main/LSPs/LSP-8-IdentifiableDigitalAsset.md#erc725y-data-keys)** in the LSP8 Standard Document.

:::

### Force Boolean

> It's estimated that more than **Hundreds of Millions of Dollars** worth of tokens were **sent to uncontrolled addresses** because of lacks of transfer validation checks.

Reviewer 2: Again not sure who estimated this

Reviewer: Agree on this. Like in academic papers, we should not cite without references in general.

Author: You guys are right, I will replace it with something else :)
https://medium.com/@maltabba/hundreds-of-millions-of-dollars-locked-at-ethereum-0x0-address-and-smart-contracts-addresses-how-4144dbe3458a
